vmalert: Add replay.ruleEvaluationConcurrency (#9252)
VictoriaMetrics/VictoriaMetrics: docs/victoriametrics/changelog/CHANGELOG.md

## tip

> * FEATURE: [vmalert](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/vmalert/): add `replay.singleRuleEvaluationConcurrency` to allow concurrency execution of chunks during rule replay. This can significantly speed up the rule replay process, especially for large datasets. See this [#7387](https://github.com/VictoriaMetrics/VictoriaMetrics/issues/7387) for details.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* FEATURE: [vmalert](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/vmalert/): add `-replay.ruleEvaluationConcurrency` to allow concurrent `/query_range` requests for a single rule. Increasing this value when replaying for a long time and a single request range is limited by `-replay.maxDatapointsPerQuery`. See this [#7387](https://github.com/VictoriaMetrics/VictoriaMetrics/issues/7387) for details.
```
